HarperOne is a publishing imprint of HarperCollins, specializing in books that aim to "transform, inspire, change lives, and influence cultural discussions." Under the original name of Harper San Francisco, the imprint was founded in 1977 by 13 employees of the New York City–based Harper & Row, who traveled west to San Francisco to be at the center of the New Age movement. Harper acquired the religious publisher Winston-Seabury from CBS in 1986. Harper San Francisco changed its name to HarperOne in 2006, and expanded its core book categories beyond religion and spirituality to include health and wellness and inspirational non-fiction. Partial bibliography
The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho (25th anniversary edition 2015)
The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck by Mark Manson (2016)
What Is the Bible? by Rob Bell (2017)
Brave by Rose McGowan (2018)
Mere Christianity by C.S. Lewis (repackaged edition 2015)
Search Inside Yourself by Chade-Meng Tan (2012)
The End of Dieting by Dr. Joel Fuhrman (2015)
A Return to Love by Marianne Williamson (reissue edition, 1996)
Made for Goodness by Archbishop Desmond Tutu (reprint edition 2011)
My Spiritual Journey by the Dalai Lama (2010)
The Art of Power by Thich Nhat Hanh (2007)
The Dark Night of the Soul by Gerald May (2004)
You Belong: A Call for Connection by Sebene Selassie (2020)
HarperOne is a publishing imprint of HarperCollins, specializing in books about American history and culture. The imprint was founded in 1992, by Bob Bernstein and Michael Morrison.
HarperOne has published a number of critically acclaimed books, including "The Death of Lincoln" by Abraham Lincoln historian David Herbert Donald, "The Unfinished Revolution" by 16th president of the United States James K. Polk, "The Civil War" by Allan Nevins, "The American Republic" by Richard Hofstadter, and "The Great American Novel" by Edmund Wilson.
Aiming at “transform, inspire, change lives” heards special, but we see a lot of cheaters using such kinds of words. So what makes HarperOne really convincing? From the bibliography we see it is really providing a great list of books under multiple topics, and these books indeed match people’s need in terms of obtaining knowledge and also the peace in hearts.
