Moluccans are the Austronesian-speaking and Papuan-speaking ethnic groups inhabiting the Maluku Islands. The term "Moluccan" is an umbrella term that covers the various Austronesian and Papuan languages spoken on the islands. The largest group of Moluccans are the Tolo-speaking people.
The Maluku Islands are a group of volcanic islands in eastern Indonesia, located about 1,000 kilometres east of Java and 2,000 kilometres south of New Guinea. The islands comprise over 700 islands, with a total land area of approximately 245,000 square kilometres. They have a population of around 1 million people, most of whom are Muslim. The largest island group is the Tolo-speaking region, which comprises over 60% of the population.
The Moluccas were first explored by Europeans in 1512. Portuguese explorer João da Nova discovered Ternate and Tidore, while Dutch explorer Jacob Roggeveen discovered Halmahera and Bougainville. The Moluccas were later visited by Spanish explorer Ferdinand Magellan in 1521. British explorer James Cook visited Ternate, Tidore, Halmahera, and Bougainville during his first voyage in 1770–71.
Moluccans are the Austronesian-speaking and Papuan-speaking ethnic groups indigenous to the Maluku Islands, also called the Moluccas and historically known as the Spice Islands, which as a region has been annexed by Indonesia since the end of 1950. As such, "Moluccans" is used as a blanket term for the various ethnic and linguistic groups native to the islands.
The original inhabitants of the Maluku Islands were Austronesian and Melanesian in origin. Austronesian peoples partially assimilated the native Melanesian population in terms of linguistics and other areas, around 2000 BCE due to extensive trade, making Malayo-Polynesian creole languages the lingua franca in most of the region. Later added to this were several Dutch, Chinese, Portuguese, Spanish, Arabian and English influences due to colonization, marriage with foreign traders during the Silk-route era and Middle ages, and even with European soldiers during the World Wars. A small number of German descendants was added to Moluccan population, especially in Ambon, along with arrival of Protestant Missionaries since 16th century. Moluccans are predominantly Christian like many other Melanesians, but Muslim villages are also present. Despite religious differences, all groups share strong cultural bonds and a sense of common identity, such as through Adat, Pela and Bongso traditions. Music is also a binding factor, playing an important role in the cultural identity. Moluccans historically tend to be a musically gifted people, excelling in creative areas such as singing and sports. In recognition, the Moluccan capital city of Ambon was awarded the official status of City of Music by UNESCO in 2019.
So now we have serval question: Why is Moluccans basically Christian? Do they have any kind of special traditions related to this? How is they become gifted in music? Is this gift related to their tradition? We see there are serval other culture migrate into Moluccans, then how is the status of Moluccans now?
