is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Rinko Ueda. The series began serialization in Margaret magazine in 2007 and completed its run in the March 19, 2012 issue of the same magazine. The individual chapters have been collected into eight tankōbon volumes by Shueisha as of March 2012; the first on April 25, 2008 and the most recent on October 25, 2011. The series has been licensed by Viz Media for an English-language North American release as part of their Shojo Beat imprint. Plot
During the year Meiji 25 (1892,) Sumi Kitamura is penniless and her brother Eisuke, a womanizer and gambler, constantly leaves them in debt while bringing even more orphaned children home to feed. When her adopted sister, Tomi, becomes ill, Sumi finds that no doctors will help her as they are poor and no one is willing to give her money for medicine to save Tomi. Then as Sumi is crying on the road a handsome man gives her a handkerchief and some money, telling her to stop crying as smiles beckon happiness into her life before disappearing. Later a debt collector turns up at Sumi's house demanding 2000 yen. Eisuke is nowhere to be found and it is revealed that he had been making advances on the debt collector's wife. The man says that he will take away all of Sumi's younger siblings and sell them into slavery. Desperate to save her siblings, Sumi goes to the red light district in an attempt to raise the money in one night. Just when she thinks there's no more hope, a man named Soichiro Ashida appears and says that he will buy her. Sumi goes with him only to find that he was paying her to marry him! They immediately go to the church and afterwards he says that he'll pay for anything she could possibly want, but she has to marry him and not fall for him and that he will never love her. Sumi agrees and they get married.
is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Maki Fujii. The series follows the life of Nanami Takahashi, a high school student who is struggling to find her place in the world.
Nanami Takahashi has always been a bit of an outsider. She's not verypopular at school, and she doesn't have many friends. That's why she's excited when she gets a new couch to sit on at her grandparent's house. But when Nanami steps on one of the roses in her grandfather's garden, she accidentally destroys them. The Roses are special to him and Nanami feels really bad. She decides to try and make up for it by doing some chores for her grandparent, but things don't go as planned...
