In computer science and mathematics, a full employment theorem is a term used, often humorously, to refer to a theorem which states that no algorithm can optimally perform a particular task done by some class of professionals. The name arises because such a theorem ensures that there is endless scope to keep discovering new techniques to improve the way at least some specific task is done. For example, the full employment theorem for compiler writers states that there is no such thing as a provably perfect size-optimizing compiler, as such a proof for the compiler would have to detect non-terminating computations and reduce them to a one-instruction infinite loop. Thus, the existence of a provably perfect size-optimizing compiler would imply a solution to the halting problem, which cannot exist. This also implies that there may always be a better compiler since the proof that one has the best compiler cannot exist. Therefore, compiler writers will always be able to speculate that they have something to improve. A similar example in practical computer science is the idea of no free lunch in search and optimization, which states that no efficient general-purpose solver can exist, and hence there will always be some particular problem whose best known solution might be improved.
In computer science and mathematics, a full employment theorem is a theorem stating that for any given set of available resources, there exists a unique unemployment equilibrium in which there are no unemployed people.
The full employment theorem is a result of the theory of market equilibrium and was first proposed by Pareto in 1895. The theorem states that if the market has the ability to create full employment, then there will be no unemployment.
There are a few conditions that must be met for the theorem to hold:
1) There must be enough resources available to meet demand.
2) The market must be able to create jobs at the same rate as people enter and leave the workforce.
3) The rate at which jobs are created must be equal to the rate at which people want to work.
