Basketball is a popular team sport played by millions of people around the world. The game is played on a rectangular court with two teams of five players each, and the objective is to score points by shooting the ball through a hoop that is mounted 10 feet high on a backboard.
The history of basketball dates back to 1891, when Canadian physical education instructor James Naismith invented the game as a way to keep his students active during the winter months. The first official game was played in December of that year, and basketball quickly gained popularity throughout the United States and other parts of the world.
Basketball is a fast-paced game that requires a combination of physical skill, agility, and strategic thinking. Players must be able to move quickly on the court, jump high to make shots, and work together as a team to outscore their opponents.
One of the most important aspects of basketball is shooting. Players must be able to accurately shoot the ball from various distances, and the best shooters can score from anywhere on the court. Shooting requires good form, focus, and consistency, and it is one of the most fundamental skills in basketball.
Another key aspect of basketball is defense. Teams must work together to prevent their opponents from scoring, and this requires a combination of physical and mental skills. Players must be able to move quickly, anticipate their opponents' movements, and communicate effectively with their teammates.
Basketball is also a sport that is steeped in tradition and culture. Many famous basketball players have become household names, and the game has been the subject of countless movies, books, and television shows. The NBA, the premier basketball league in the world, is watched by millions of people every year, and the sport has become a global phenomenon.
In addition to being a fun and exciting sport to watch and play, basketball has many benefits for physical and mental health. It is a great way to stay active and improve cardiovascular health, and it can also help improve coordination, balance, and agility. Basketball also promotes teamwork and communication skills, which can be beneficial in many areas of life.
In conclusion, basketball is a popular team sport that has captivated audiences around the world. It requires a combination of physical and mental skills, and it has many benefits for physical and mental health.

Hello, my name is Gautam and I am trying to write a 400-word essay about my experience writing a 400-word essay for my AI final project. The purpose of writing the essay is to come up with original human-generated text and append it to documents containing AI generated text and plagiarised text of varying proportions in our test dataset, hoping that it will increase their respective originality score. I feel that coming with something to write on the spot is an intimidating task to begin with, but depending on the amount of knowledge I have on the given subject, expressing that knowledge in words gets easier as you proceed further. In this case, I just have to express my stream of consciousness which is turning out to be very easy, cathartic even. I think I should write an essay everyday on random thoughts I have and go over them on a weekly basis. It might prove useful or just entertaining down the road. Now I am suddenly blankning on what to write as most stuff popping in my head in absolutely inappropriate. No one is going to read this and yet I feel the need to constrain my expression. That is so weird. Do all humans feel this way? I wonder how different the world would be if everyone expressed everything they thought. Ten thousand years of human civilization with people saying everything they thought. Children expressing all their thoughts to their parents and vice versa. Peasants expressing how they really felt about their kings. Blasphemy being expressed in strict religious societies. No privacy of thought in your immediate surrounding. Maybe people would invent things to block noise to get privacy. But if the communication would be telepathic then they’d probably need lead helmets always. This is all gibbereish actually. What if language models were trained on gibberish like this instead of well written articles. They probably are if the entire internet is their training dataset. By the way I would like to take this oppurtunity to thank my fellow project-mates Tejas and Owen. We are a nice team and work very well together, thanks to thier work ethic, sincerity and intelligence. I guess I am reaching closer to the 400-word mark so I should probably start concluding. So in conclusion I would like to say that this was a very cathartic experience and would definitely recommend others to do it as well. 