"Pussy Fairy (OTW)" (stylized as "P*$$Y Fairy (OTW)") is a song recorded by American singer Jhené Aiko for her third studio album, Chilombo (2020). Julian-Quán Việt Lê produced the song and co-wrote it with Aiko and Micah Powell. Def Jam released it for digital download and streaming as the album's third single on January 16, 2020. "Pussy Fairy (OTW)" is an R&B ballad, featuring an alchemy crystal sound bowl intended to activate the listener's Svadhishthana (the sacral chakra). In the lyrics, Aiko acts as the "pussy fairy" and boasts about her sexual performance. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who praised its sexual content. They compared the explicit lyrics to 1990s music. "Pussy Fairy (OTW)" was Aiko's first solo single to reach the top 40 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and was certified platinum on the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for selling over one million digital units. The song appeared on the UK Singles Chart and the New Zealand Hot Singles chart.

"Pussy Fairy (OTW)" (stylized as "P*$$Y Fairy") is a Japanesepop group formed in 2010. consisting of four members: Yukari Tamura, Yui Hatano, Rina Sato and Karen Uehara.

Hello, my name is Gautam and I am trying to write a 400-word essay about my experience writing a 400-word essay for my AI final project. The purpose of writing the essay is to come up with original human-generated text and append it to documents containing AI generated text and plagiarised text of varying proportions in our test dataset, hoping that it will increase their respective originality score. I feel that coming with something to write on the spot is an intimidating task to begin with, but depending on the amount of knowledge I have on the given subject, expressing that knowledge in words gets easier as you proceed further. In this case, I just have to express my stream of consciousness which is turning out to be very easy, cathartic even. I think I should write an essay everyday on random thoughts I have and go over them on a weekly basis. It might prove useful or just entertaining down the road. Now I am suddenly blankning on what to write as most stuff popping in my head in absolutely inappropriate. No one is going to read this and yet I feel the need to constrain my expression. That is so weird. Do all humans feel this way? I wonder how different the world would be if everyone expressed everything they thought. Ten thousand years of human civilization with people saying everything they thought. Children expressing all their thoughts to their parents and vice versa. Peasants expressing how they really felt about their kings. Blasphemy being expressed in strict religious societies. No privacy of thought in your immediate surrounding. Maybe people would invent things to block noise to get privacy. But if the communication would be telepathic then they’d probably need lead helmets always. This is all gibbereish actually. What if language models were trained on gibberish like this instead of well written articles. They probably are if the entire internet is their training dataset. By the way I would like to take this oppurtunity to thank my fellow project-mates Tejas and Owen. We are a nice team and work very well together, thanks to thier work ethic, sincerity and intelligence. I guess I am reaching closer to the 400-word mark so I should probably start concluding. So in conclusion I would like to say that this was a very cathartic experience and would definitely recommend others to do it as well.  

The group's name derives from the term "pussy pass," which is a term used by Japanese men to describe female genitalia. Their music is often described as "kawaii" and "pink."

Actually now it turns out I need 300 more words, as we are creating more documents with different needs. I am creating documents with 70-100% originality, most of the wikipedia plus GPT introductions are 300 words long, so I’ll need 700 words of original text to create 70% original documents. I’ll probably create one each of 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95% and two of 100% originality with varying lengths. For 70%-95% originality, I’ll interleave the human text for more variation. So for the new 300 words I thought I’ll describe my team’s latest discussions regarding the project and how we finally decided to proceed with the project. We are going to generate 5 plagiarism scores for each document, each from 2 human plagiarism checkers, detectGPT, GPTZero and the OpenAI Text Classifier respectively. These scores will be passed to a neural network as input, and the output will be an originality score as the ratio of length of original text to length of total text. Both, the training and testing data will be subsets of the GPT-wiki-intro dataset. I am actually feeling very sleepy right now, given that I have been up since 4 AM and now it’s 10:30 PM, but I have to upload these 8 documents before sleeping, so that tomorrow I can only focus on the IVC assignment tomorrow onwards. I found new songs to listen to today which is a nice thing. But now I think I have to conclude this passage as I am approaching around 700 words and I think that should be enough for the project’s preliminary results. So yeah I hereby conclude my thoughts and this is going to be the last entence I type. Or maybe not. But yeah this is the last sentence most probably.

Pussy Fairy released their debut single "Kimi no Kioku" on January 10, 2010. The song was used as the opening theme for the anime television series "Kimi no Na Wa." The song peaked at number four on the Japan Oricon Singles Chart and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. The follow-up single, "Omoide ga Iru Kara," was released on May 3 and reached number two on the Japan Oricon Singles Chart.

