Actually now it turns out I need 300 more words, as we are creating more documents with different needs. I am creating documents with 70-100% originality, most of the wikipedia plus GPT introductions are 300 words long, so I’ll need 700 words of original text to create 70% original documents. I’ll probably create one each of 70%, 75%, 80%, 85%, 90%, 95% and two of 100% originality with varying lengths. For 70%-95% originality, I’ll interleave the human text for more variation. So for the new 300 words I thought I’ll describe my team’s latest discussions regarding the project and how we finally decided to proceed with the project. We are going to generate 5 plagiarism scores for each document, each from 2 human plagiarism checkers, detectGPT, GPTZero and the OpenAI Text Classifier respectively. These scores will be passed to a neural network as input, and the output will be an originality score as the ratio of length of original text to length of total text. Both, the training and testing data will be subsets of the GPT-wiki-intro dataset. I am actually feeling very sleepy right now, given that I have been up since 4 AM and now it’s 10:30 PM, but I have to upload these 8 documents before sleeping, so that tomorrow I can only focus on the IVC assignment tomorrow onwards. I found new songs to listen to today which is a nice thing. But now I think I have to conclude this passage as I am approaching around 700 words and I think that should be enough for the project’s preliminary results. So yeah I hereby conclude my thoughts and this is going to be the last entence I type. Or maybe not. But yeah this is the last sentence most probably. 


Somewhere Somehow is the fourth studio album by American rock band We the Kings. It is the first album without bassist Drew Thomsen, who was replaced by Charles Trippy. Keyboardist Coley O'Toole was also added into the lineup. After parting ways with S-Curve Records, the group released the single "Just Keep Breathing" in April 2013. Over the next couple of months, the band released "Find You There" and "Any Other Way" as singles before going on the Summer Fest tour. In late September, the band started a campaign to crowd-fund their next album; it eventually received over $149,000 from 2,309 people. The band recorded in Los Angeles, California, working with Blake Healy, Steve Shebby and David Immerman, all of whom co-wrote and produced songs on the album. The album was announced for release with the title Vitam Regum, before it was changed to Somewhere Somehow a week later. "Art of War" was released as a single in early December. Somewhere Somehow was released on December 16 through Ozone Entertainment. Following a U.S. tour in March 2014,

Hello, my name is Gautam and I am trying to write a 400-word essay about my experience writing a 400-word essay for my AI final project. The purpose of writing the essay is to come up with original human-generated text and append it to documents containing AI generated text and plagiarised text of varying proportions in our test dataset, hoping that it will increase their respective originality score. I feel that coming with something to write on the spot is an intimidating task to begin with, but depending on the amount of knowledge I have on the given subject, expressing that knowledge in words gets easier as you proceed further. In this case, I just have to express my stream of consciousness which is turning out to be very easy, cathartic even. I think I should write an essay everyday on random thoughts I have and go over them on a weekly basis. It might prove useful or just entertaining down the road. Now I am suddenly blankning on what to write as most stuff popping in my head in absolutely inappropriate. No one is going to read this and yet I feel the need to constrain my expression. That is so weird. Do all humans feel this way? I wonder how different the world would be if everyone expressed everything they thought. Ten thousand years of human civilization with people saying everything they thought. Children expressing all their thoughts to their parents and vice versa. Peasants expressing how they really felt about their kings. Blasphemy being expressed in strict religious societies. No privacy of thought in your immediate surrounding. Maybe people would invent things to block noise to get privacy. But if the communication would be telepathic then they’d probably need lead helmets always. This is all gibbereish actually. What if language models were trained on gibberish like this instead of well written articles. They probably are if the entire internet is their training dataset. By the way I would like to take this oppurtunity to thank my fellow project-mates Tejas and Owen. We are a nice team and work very well together, thanks to thier work ethic, sincerity and intelligence. I guess I am reaching closer to the 400-word mark so I should probably start concluding. So in conclusion I would like to say that this was a very cathartic experience and would definitely recommend others to do it as well.  