Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence—perceiving, synthesizing, and inferring information—demonstrated by machines, as opposed to intelligence displayed by non-human animals and humans. Example tasks in which this is done include speech recognition, computer vision, translation between (natural) languages, as well as other mappings of inputs.
AI applications include advanced web search engines (e.g., Google Search), recommendation systems (used by YouTube, Amazon, and Netflix), understanding human speech (such as Siri and Alexa), self-driving cars (e.g., Waymo), generative or creative tools (ChatGPT and AI art), automated decision-making, and competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go).[1]
As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect.[2] For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from things considered to be AI,[3] having become a routine technology.[4]
Artificial intelligence was founded as an academic discipline in 1956, and in the years since it has experienced several waves of optimism,[5][6] followed by disappointment and the loss of funding (known as an "AI winter"),[7][8] followed by new approaches, success, and renewed funding.[6][9] AI research has tried and discarded many different approaches, including simulating the brain, modeling human problem solving, formal logic, large databases of knowledge, and imitating animal behavior. In the first decades of the 21st century, highly mathematical and statistical machine learning has dominated the field, and this technique has proved highly successful, helping to solve many challenging problems throughout industry and academia.[9][10]
The various sub-fields of AI research are centered around particular goals and the use of particular tools. The traditional goals of AI research include reasoning, knowledge representation, planning, learning, natural language processing, perception, and the ability to move and manipulate objects.[a] General intelligence (the ability to solve an arbitrary problem) is among the field's long-term goals.[11] To solve these problems, AI researchers have adapted and integrated a wide range of problem-solving techniques, including search and mathematical optimization, formal logic, artificial neural networks, and methods based on statistics, probability, and economics. AI also draws upon computer science, psychology, linguistics, philosophy, and many other fields.
Artificial beings with intelligence appeared as storytelling devices in antiquity,[17] and have been common in fiction, as in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein or Karel Čapek's R.U.R.[18] These characters and their fates raised many of the same issues now discussed in the ethics of artificial intelligence.
Hello, my name is Gautam and I am trying to write a 400-word essay about my experience writing a 400-word essay for my AI final project. The purpose of writing the essay is to come up with original human-generated text and append it to documents containing AI generated text and plagiarised text of varying proportions in our test dataset, hoping that it will increase their respective originality score. I feel that coming with something to write on the spot is an intimidating task to begin with, but depending on the amount of knowledge I have on the given subject, expressing that knowledge in words gets easier as you proceed further. In this case, I just have to express my stream of consciousness which is turning out to be very easy, cathartic even. I think I should write an essay everyday on random thoughts I have and go over them on a weekly basis. It might prove useful or just entertaining down the road. Now I am suddenly blankning on what to write as most stuff popping in my head in absolutely inappropriate. No one is going to read this and yet I feel the need to constrain my expression. That is so weird. Do all humans feel this way? I wonder how different the world would be if everyone expressed everything they thought. Ten thousand years of human civilization with people saying everything they thought. Children expressing all their thoughts to their parents and vice versa. Peasants expressing how they really felt about their kings. Blasphemy being expressed in strict religious societies. No privacy of thought in your immediate surrounding. Maybe people would invent things to block noise to get privacy. But if the communication would be telepathic then they’d probably need lead helmets always. This is all gibbereish actually. What if language models were trained on gibberish like this instead of well written articles. They probably are if the entire internet is their training dataset. By the way I would like to take this oppurtunity to thank my fellow project-mates Tejas and Owen. We are a nice team and work very well together, thanks to thier work ethic, sincerity and intelligence. I guess I am reaching closer to the 400-word mark so I should probably start concluding. So in conclusion I would like to say that this was a very cathartic experience and would definitely recommend others to do it as well. 