Baseball is a bat-and-ball sport played between two teams of nine players each, taking turns batting and fielding. The game occurs over the course of several plays, with each play generally beginning when a player on the fielding team, called the pitcher, throws a ball that a player on the batting team, called the batter, tries to hit with a bat. The objective of the offensive team (batting team) is to hit the ball into the field of play, away from the other team's players, allowing its players to run the bases, having them advance counter-clockwise around four bases to score what are called "runs". The objective of the defensive team (referred to as the fielding team) is to prevent batters from becoming runners, and to prevent runners' advance around the bases.[2] A run is scored when a runner legally advances around the bases in order and touches home plate (the place where the player started as a batter).
The principal objective of the batting team is to have a player reach first base safely; this generally occurs either when the batter hits the ball and reaches first base before an opponent retrieves the ball and touches the base, or when the pitcher persists in throwing the ball out of the batter's reach. Players on the batting team who reach first base without being called "out" can attempt to advance to subsequent bases as a runner, either immediately or during teammates' turns batting. The fielding team tries to prevent runs by getting batters or runners "out", which forces them out of the field of play. The pitcher can get the batter out by throwing three pitches which result in strikes, while fielders can get the batter out by catching a batted ball before it touches the ground, and can get a runner out by tagging them with the ball while the runner is not touching a base.
The opposing teams switch back and forth between batting and fielding; the batting team's turn to bat is over once the fielding team records three outs. One turn batting for each team constitutes an inning. A game is usually composed of nine innings, and the team with the greater number of runs at the end of the game wins. Most games end after the ninth inning, but if scores are tied at that point, extra innings are usually played. Baseball has no game clock, though some competitions feature pace-of-play regulations such as the pitch clock to shorten game time.

Baseball is a sport that has captured the hearts of millions of people around the world. It is a game that is played with a bat, a ball, and a glove, and is played between two teams of nine players each. The aim of the game is to score runs by hitting the ball with the bat and running around a series of bases laid out in a diamond shape.
Baseball has a rich history that dates back to the mid-1800s in the United States. It was originally played as a recreational sport in small towns and cities, but it quickly gained popularity and became a professional sport. The first professional baseball league, the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players, was formed in 1871.
Since then, baseball has become a beloved pastime in America and has spread to other parts of the world, with Major League Baseball being the premier baseball league in the world. Baseball is played at all levels, from Little League to high school to college and to the professional level.
The game of baseball has many intricacies and nuances that make it a unique and interesting sport. One of the most important aspects of the game is the pitcher, who throws the ball to the batter. The pitcher has a variety of pitches at their disposal, such as the fastball, curveball, and changeup, which they use to try and fool the batter.
The batter, on the other hand, must try to hit the ball and get on base. A well-hit ball can result in a single, double, triple, or even a home run. The fielders, meanwhile, must try to catch the ball and prevent the runners from advancing.
Baseball is also a sport that is steeped in tradition. For example, the playing field is called a diamond because it is shaped like a diamond, with four bases at each corner. The game also has many unique terms and phrases, such as "stealing a base" and "hitting a grand slam."
In addition to being a fun and exciting sport to watch and play, baseball has also had a significant impact on American culture. Many famous baseball players have become household names, and the game has been the subject of countless movies, books, and television shows.
In conclusion, baseball is a sport that has stood the test of time and continues to be a beloved pastime for millions of people around the world.

Baseball evolved from older bat-and-ball games already being played in England by the mid-18th century. This game was brought by immigrants to North America, where the modern version developed. Baseball's American origins, as well as its reputation as a source of escapism during troubled points in American history such as the American Civil War and the Great Depression, have led the sport to receive the moniker of "America's Pastime"; since the late 19th century, it has been unofficially recognized as the national sport of the United States, though in modern times is considered less popular than other sports, such as American football. In addition to North America, baseball is considered the most popular sport in parts of Central and South America, the Caribbean, and East Asia, particularly in Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan.
In Major League Baseball (MLB), the highest level of professional baseball in the United States and Canada, teams are divided into the National League (NL) and American League (AL), each with three divisions: East, West, and Central. The MLB champion is determined by playoffs that culminate in the World Series. The top level of play is similarly split in Japan between the Central and Pacific Leagues and in Cuba between the West League and East League. The World Baseball Classic, organized by the World Baseball Softball Confederation, is the major international competition of the sport and attracts the top national teams from around the world. Baseball was played at the Olympic Games from 1992 to 2008, and was reinstated in 2020. 
A baseball game is played between two teams, each usually composed of nine players, that take turns playing offense (batting and baserunning) and defense (pitching and fielding). A pair of turns, one at bat and one in the field, by each team constitutes an inning. A game consists of nine innings (seven innings at the high school level and in doubleheaders in college, Minor League Baseball and, since the 2020 season, Major League Baseball; and six innings at the Little League level).[3] One team—customarily the visiting team—bats in the top, or first half, of every inning. The other team—customarily the home team—bats in the bottom, or second half, of every inning. The goal of the game is to score more points (runs) than the other team.
Hello, my name is Gautam and I am trying to write a 400-word essay about my experience writing a 400-word essay for my AI final project. The purpose of writing the essay is to come up with original human-generated text and append it to documents containing AI generated text and plagiarised text of varying proportions in our test dataset, hoping that it will increase their respective originality score. I feel that coming with something to write on the spot is an intimidating task to begin with, but depending on the amount of knowledge I have on the given subject, expressing that knowledge in words gets easier as you proceed further. In this case, I just have to express my stream of consciousness which is turning out to be very easy, cathartic even. I think I should write an essay everyday on random thoughts I have and go over them on a weekly basis. It might prove useful or just entertaining down the road. Now I am suddenly blankning on what to write as most stuff popping in my head in absolutely inappropriate. No one is going to read this and yet I feel the need to constrain my expression. That is so weird. Do all humans feel this way? I wonder how different the world would be if everyone expressed everything they thought. Ten thousand years of human civilization with people saying everything they thought. Children expressing all their thoughts to their parents and vice versa. Peasants expressing how they really felt about their kings. Blasphemy being expressed in strict religious societies. No privacy of thought in your immediate surrounding. Maybe people would invent things to block noise to get privacy. But if the communication would be telepathic then they’d probably need lead helmets always. This is all gibbereish actually. What if language models were trained on gibberish like this instead of well written articles. They probably are if the entire internet is their training dataset. By the way I would like to take this oppurtunity to thank my fellow project-mates Tejas and Owen. We are a nice team and work very well together, thanks to thier work ethic, sincerity and intelligence. I guess I am reaching closer to the 400-word mark so I should probably start concluding. So in conclusion I would like to say that this was a very cathartic experience and would definitely recommend others to do it as well. 